# Prompt Monsters

Fully decentralized generative blockchain game using AI as the game engine.

- [demo](https://prompt-monsters-jp.azurewebsites.net/)
- [Showcase](https://ethglobal.com/showcase/prompt-monsters-7f13y)

## About

We believe that BCG should be decentralized like a protocol.
However, the current BCG is centralized with characters created by a central authority, and the value of NFTs is determined by their status, making it completely non-decentralized.
Our vision is to decentralize BCG with AI at its core.
AI is collective knowledge of the entire world, and decision-making is decentralized.
We have developed AIGameFi, a DAO-like game centered around AI, by NFT-izing unique monsters generated generatively by GPT.
All aspects of monster generation, status determination, battle results generation, and NFT growth results are generated by GPT without central control. We adopt a community-driven approach based on the Web3 philosophy and use CC0 standards to enable interoperability between different games by utilizing NFTs driven by users.
What you do with this service is think of the character name you think is the strongest and fight with an NFT-ized character.

## How it's made

I will provide a detailed explanation of how this project was built. First, the technologies used are as follows:

1. The contract was deployed on "Linea".
2. The login function was realized using the MetaMask SDK. This allows for easy user authentication on the website and integration with the wallet.
3. We made it possible to automatically generate detailed monster information by simply inputting their characteristics. This automatic generation is achieved using GPT-3.5. As a result, anyone can automatically create diverse and original monsters.
4. Monster details can be minted as NFTs (ERC721). This allows users to truly own the automatically generated monsters, making them their own in a true sense.
5. NFTs are implemented fully on-chain, and we do not use distributed storage such as IPFS. This ensures the complete integrity and transparency of the data.
6. For the PvP function, we made it possible to battle with a randomly selected monster from the minted NFTs.
7. Victory or defeat results are automatically generated using GPT-3.5. This has resolved the issue of PvP becoming unfeasible due to a lack of players.

As a particularly hacky point worth mentioning, using GPT-3.5 to generate monster details and victory/defeat results has made it possible to create an innovative and exciting gaming experience. Additionally, the full on-chain implementation of NFTs ensures data integrity and transparency. By combining these technologies, this project provides users with a unique entertainment experience.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
